# cubecraft
This is going to be a 2d simplified minecraft. You have your character that is a block that starts as green. The character will have a health bar. The character starts in a 2d canvas rectangle where there are blocks of ore randomly spawned. There are a few different ores: iron, gold, diamond and emerald. The first level will only have two blocks spawn with only the lowest type of ore, iron. A level ends once you have mined all the ores. The first level will have 2 ores. You have to mine the ore by just running into it. When you spawn in a level, there will be enemies that spawn and attack you. Enemies will spawn every 30 seconds so level one will have 1 enemy spawn every 30 seconds. First level will only have one mob. To kill enemies the player uses the mouse/trackpad and shoots arrows at the enemies. The player may not shoot and mine at the same time. The enemies will get harder as you advance levels. The enemies will be be blocks of different mob faces, like skeletons and zombies. Skeletons will shoot and zombies will chase the character. In between levels it shows all your resources: iron, gold, diamond and emerald. With these you can choose to upgrade your health (armour), mining speed (pick), and attack (bow). Iron will increase abilities (health,mining,attack) 5%. Gold 10%. Diamond 10%. Emerald 15%. Each upgrade will cost 4 resources. When you finish a level, by mining all ores, or due you will be able to upgrade. You move on levels when you win. As you advance level there are more and harder enemies, but also more ores will appear and better ores will appear. The difficulty should increase about 5% each level by making enemies have larger amount health about a 5% increase in health and every 2 levels adding another mob spawn every 30 seconds so level three will have 2 enemies spawn every 30 seconds. The ores should get better at a rate of 3% and every 3 levels an additional ore will spawn. Therefore this makes the game progessively harder. There is a 2 player version where one person is the miner and walks around mining using WASD keyboard to move while the other player uses the arrow keys to move and shoot with the mouse/trackpad. The player that attacks the mobs must protect the other player while he mines for ores.

I put  graphics into a folder called blocks. They are labeled and obvious to be used. For armour their is little armour symbol on top next to health bar. If they buy the upgrade the color changes colors from silver, to gold to blue to green. I have all the colors in the blocks folder except green just needs to be added by just switching the color of one of the armours.
